you already know that Rocio Carrasco tells a
story in which she states And she also
reaffirms it categorically and keeps saying the
same thing that both her father died
in love with her mother and her mother
in love with her father but that they were
separated because potato what has
happened that has caught our attention a lot
that suddenly Lidia Lozano has
had no problem contradicting
Rosito in these statements he
died When Pedro Carrasco was
madly in love with Raquel Mosquera But
what are you telling me and that Rocio was
in love with Pedro
Carrasco And the thing is that any and any
daddy and any
television collaborator who has years of career in
this medium with the issues of the Jurado and
Company knows perfectly well that what
Rocio Carrasco is saying is not true that is what
happens that Lidia Lozano
while she was in the
television factory did not say a word and she was done she did not
contradict but now on
Spanish television she has not held back in
telling the truth that Rocio Carrasco
lies no no Look so it is that now we want to
tell a super nice story you know
on the part  of his mother and his father who
both died in love